Fix when using keyword-only argument and default argument is not set (#34)
isidentical/refactor: docs/source/changelog.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> - Fixed when using keyword-only argument and default argument is not set. Reported by [Felix Uellendall](https://github.com/feluelle) and contributed by [Hakan Çelik](https://github.com/hakancelikdev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed crash of scope processing code due to keyword-only argument marker. Reported by [Felix Uellendall](https://github.com/feluelle) and contributed by [Hakan Çelik](https://github.com/hakancelikdev)
```
